products/readme.md, before:

## October 11, 2019 Project 2 update
Added in references, and updated the type of data in my manuscript.

Currently this folder contains updates to the manuscript folder, in the Project_Template.Rmd file, where I update the introduction section of the file.


The folders inside this folder should contain all the products of your project.

For a classical academic project, this will be a peer-reviewed manuscript. 
The `manuscript` folder contains a template. This template is structured as a report for a class, but you can easily adjust it.

Most manuscripts these days have supplementary material, place those into the `supplement` folder. (I find this structure easier than moving it inside the manuscript folder, but that's personal choice).

Often, you might make slides for an oral presentation, place those in the `slides` folder. 

If you make a scientific poster, that should go into the `poster` folder. There are a number of R pacakges that allow you to make a poster in RMarkdown, see [e.g. this list.
](https://gist.github.com/Pakillo/4854e5d760351206084f6be8abe476b2)

You can add further folders. For instance you could have a `website` folder if you plan to write a blog-post or make an interactive shiny-app for your project.  

Often you need a library of references in bibtex format, as well as a CSL style file that determines reference formatting. Since those files might be used by several of the products, I'm placing them in the main products folder. Feel free to re-organize.

Commit message:

Taking code from Rmd file to individual scripts

products/readme.md, after:

## November 13, 2019 Update
This folder contains the main file needed to reproduce this project. within /manuscript/Project_Template.Rmd is the file needed to produce the final word document. Kitting this file will pull from other .R scripts located in the ../../code folder in this project.


The folders inside this folder should contain all the products of your project.

For a classical academic project, this will be a peer-reviewed manuscript. 
The `manuscript` folder contains a template. This template is structured as a report for a class, but you can easily adjust it.

Most manuscripts these days have supplementary material, place those into the `supplement` folder. (I find this structure easier than moving it inside the manuscript folder, but that's personal choice).

Often, you might make slides for an oral presentation, place those in the `slides` folder. 

If you make a scientific poster, that should go into the `poster` folder. There are a number of R pacakges that allow you to make a poster in RMarkdown, see [e.g. this list.
](https://gist.github.com/Pakillo/4854e5d760351206084f6be8abe476b2)

You can add further folders. For instance you could have a `website` folder if you plan to write a blog-post or make an interactive shiny-app for your project.  

Often you need a library of references in bibtex format, as well as a CSL style file that determines reference formatting. Since those files might be used by several of the products, I'm placing them in the main products folder. Feel free to re-organize.
